Add small note to .NET installation requirements (#5422)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Reference/DataMiner_Compute_Requirements.md

> - If you install DataMiner using the [v5.0 Installer](xref:Installing_DM_using_the_DM_installer), the required .NET (Framework) versions will be **included in the installation**, so there is no need to install these separately.
> - We recommend always upgrading to the latest .NET Framework version.
> - Major .NET versions are not cross-compatible, which means that you always need to install the appropriate version mentioned above. If you are for example using a DataMiner version that requires .NET 8.0, this will not work if only .NET 9.0 is installed, so in that case you will need to install .NET 8.0 as well.

> > - It is possible to run multiple .NET versions on a single machine without a problem. You can have .NET 7, .NET 8 & .NET 9 installed all at the same time. The above is just the minimum requirements per DataMiner version.

Reviewer: OK if I combine these two lines like this?
```suggestion
> - Multiple .NET versions can run on the same machine without any problem. You can for example have .NET 7, .NET 8, and .NET 9 installed at the same time. In fact, major .NET versions are not cross-compatible, which means that if .NET 8.0 is required, it is not sufficient to only have .NET 9.0 installed, but you will need to install .NET 8.0 as well.
```
